Snowflake Native App: Add feature parity warning and rename app in  section (#30483)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/snowflake-native-apps/linkedin-ads.md

The LinkedIn Ads Connector by Airbyte is a Snowflake Native Application that allows you to extract data from your LinkedIn Ads account and load records into a Snowflake database of your choice.

:::info

> The LinkedIn Ads Connector is in _private preview_ and is subject to further development that may affect setup and configuration of the application. It also does not have feature-parity with the Airbyte platform as only full refresh without dedup is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LinkedIn Ads Connector by Airbyte is in _private preview_ and is subject to further development that may affect setup and configuration of the application. Please note that, at this time, only a full table refresh without dedupe is supported.  
```
